'''Algorithm:''' A general process for solving a category of problems.

Bug: An error in a program

Compile: To translate a program written in a high-level language all at once, in preparation for later execution.

Debugging: The process of finding and removing any of the tree kinds of programming errors.

Exception: Another name for a runtime error.

Executable: Another name for object code that is ready to be executed.

Formal Language: Any one of the languages thatpeople have designed for specific purposes, such as representing mathematical ideas or computer programs; all programming languages are formal languages.

High-Level Language: A programming language like C++ that is designed to be easy for humans to read and write.

Interpret: To execute a program in a high-level language by translating it one line at a time.

Low-Level Language: A programming language that is designed to be eacy for a computer to execute; also called machine language or assembly language.

Natural Language: Any one of the languages that people speak that evolved naturally.

Object Code: The output of the compiler after it translates the program.

Parse: To examine a program and analyze the syntactic structure.

Portability: A property of a program that can run on more than one kind of computer.

Problem Solving: The process of formulating a problem, finding a solution, and expressing the solution.

Program: A sequence of instruction that specifies to a computer actions and computations to be performed.

Runtime Error: An error that does not occur until the program has started to execute but that prevents the program from contuining.

Semantic Error: An error in a program that makes it do somethign other than what the programmer intended.

Semantics: The meaning of a program. 

Source Code: A program in a high-level language before being compiled.

Syntax: The structure of a program.

Syntax Error: An error in a program that makes it impossible to parse - and therefore impossible to interpret.

Token: One of the basic elements of the syntactic structure of a program, analogous to a word ina. natural language.

Curly Braces: Puctuation marks consisting of an open curly brace, {, and a close curly brace, }, used in C++ to group statements.


Comment: //
main: indicates the place in the program where execution begins
cout: a special object provided by the system to allow you to send output to the screen
<< : operator that you apply to cout and a value and that causes the value to be displayed.
endl: represents the end of the line.
